README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jingpengw/waterz.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jingpengw/waterz)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/waterzed.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/waterzed)

<!--
    the coerage is not working on c++ code, so the coverage is 0 now!
    [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jingpengw/waterz/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/jingpengw/waterz?branch=master)
-->

# waterz

Pronounced *water-zed*. A simple watershed and region agglomeration library for
affinity graphs.

Based on the watershed implementation of [Aleksandar Zlateski](https://bitbucket.org/poozh/watershed) and [Chandan Singh](https://github.com/TuragaLab/zwatershed).

# Installation

Install c++ dependencies:
```
sudo apt install libboost-dev
```

Install from pipy
```
pip install waterzed
```

install manually
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python setup.py install
```

# Usage

```
import waterz
import numpy as np

# affinities is a [3,depth,height,width] numpy array of float32
affinities = ...

thresholds = [0, 100, 200]

segmentations = waterz.agglomerate(affinities, thresholds)
```

# Development
## Release to pypi

We can only release code and compile in the installation machine.
```
python setup.py sdist
twine upload dist/my-new-wheel
```

Commit message:

Fix packaging (#5)
* include requirements.txt files; add manifest.in file

* add travis build of manylinux wheels

* make matrix

* put multiple environment variables in one line

* add build-wheels.sh

* give sudo for build wheel

* make the travis build wheel script executable

* remove sudo

* the docker in pypa is centos rather than ubuntu

* add sudo

* fix install libboost

* use python3.7-dev

* fix boost

* travis build will upload manylinux wheel

* add back docker env

* add env

* change order

* move twine username and password to travis setting

* this should work

* rename package name

* add python3.5 and remove python 3.8

* include all the source code in wheel

* include backend hpp

* add python 3.8

* increase version number

* update version

* fix release readme

* echo something if uploading wheels

* fix README

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jingpengw/waterz.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jingpengw/waterz)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/waterzed.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/waterzed)

<!--
    the coerage is not working on c++ code, so the coverage is 0 now!
    [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jingpengw/waterz/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/jingpengw/waterz?branch=master)
-->

# waterz

Pronounced *water-zed*. A simple watershed and region agglomeration library for
affinity graphs.

Based on the watershed implementation of [Aleksandar Zlateski](https://bitbucket.org/poozh/watershed) and [Chandan Singh](https://github.com/TuragaLab/zwatershed).

# Installation

Install c++ dependencies:
```
sudo apt install libboost-dev
```

Install from pipy
```
pip install waterzed
```

install manually
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
python setup.py install
```

# Usage

```
import waterz
import numpy as np

# affinities is a [3,depth,height,width] numpy array of float32
affinities = ...

thresholds = [0, 100, 200]

segmentations = waterz.agglomerate(affinities, thresholds)
```

# Development
## Release to pypi
We use travis to create release

upgrade the version number in the `setup.py` file, then
```
git tag v0.9.5
git push origin v0.9.5
```
the travis build system will get a `TRAVIS_TAG` variable, and triger the `twine upload` command.
